---
date: "2020-06-07"
---
## Accessing the Secret Levels in Sky Palace

by Millie

To access a secret level, one must do a certain set of actions per floor set. While not offering direct progression like in the ordinary floors of Sky Palace, they are usually sought out for their high-tier rewards and any progression made in the secret floors carry over to the main floors. A secret level is available every ten floors, and you will not know whether you have access to it until you have slain the boss.


**Slitherhall (Floors 1 - 10)** Locate a stone chicken that may appear on any of the first nine floors. After resetting back to floor one, complete the floor set all the way through. This only needs to be done once.

  
**Desert Mirage (Floor 11 - 20)** Kill every mob on the first floor. Drop the key fragments, Icy Rose Token and Icy Fragment, on the ground and hit the floor gate. A Gateway Key will drop, pick it and the dropped fragments up. After moving the Gateway Key to the bottom of your inventory, ascend to the next floor.

Kill the Solidly Frozen Golems that can spawn on the floors with a fire element. This can be done through archery with Flare Arrows that can drop from chests or purchased from Tiro, or using abilities such as Flame Burst and Firebolt. While not guaranteed, the golems can drop a Sandy Rose Token and additional Icy Fragments. Take all of the extra keys and fragments to the boss and slay it.

**Be careful not to hit any door again after opening it because it will consume the extra key. This may happen while dual wielding.**

  

**Buccaneer (Floor 21 - 30)** Slay the boss and complete the floor set with eight L-Rods in your inventory. L-Rods are dropped naturally through the floors and extra ones can be found in the chests that spawn from orbs. If in a party, it is easy to get extra by standing at the door and clicking and opening an L-Rod chest -- usually colored green -- in the room at the same time.

  

**N/A (Floor 31 - 40)** As of right now, the secret level is not implemented as confirmed by a GM.

  

**Cow (Floor 41 - 50)** Combine a Wondermilk and a Cataclyst at an Alchemy Oven into a ??? and complete the floor set. Both items can randomly drop from the chests while doing the floors.
